-: Welcome back.
In this lecture, we are going to understand
about humanity's fundamental core concepts
part replicate, deployment, and service
on a very high level.
So, let's understand what are those actually.
Right?
So, part is it, single instance
of an application.
So, a part is the smallest object that you can
create in.
Cuban that is.
When you come into reply-closet,
a replicloset will maintain a stable
set of replica parts, learning at any given time.
So in short, it is often used to guarantee
the availability of specified number
of identical parts in it, deployment.
So a deployment runs multiple replicas
of our application,
and automatically replaces any instance
that fails or becomes unresponsive.
So, roll out and roll back changes to application
serve additional features about the deployment
when you create it as a deployment.
So, deployments are well suited for
stateless applications.
And finally, service.
So a service is an abstraction for parts
prorating a stable so-called, what shall I be?
Address, fronting these parts.
Same term, in simple terms, service sits
in front of a board, and then access it
load balancer.
So this is a very high level introduction
about these things.
But, in upcoming lectures,
whenever we deal with each section,
so we are going to have a very detailed
pictographical and then visual manual
on what we are doing.
And equal intel.
Hands on sections, okay.
So now, we'll move on and then understand
what is our approach in implementing
these fundamentals.
Right?
So, we are going to use both approaches
which is nothing but imperatu
and then declaratu vey.
Of, implementing that humanities core concepts,
okay.
So, using QCTL with QCTL commands,
we are going to create part deployment
and then service, imperatively.
And, for replicloset we really don't have
a QCTL command to directly do it,
so we are going to use EML file to create that.
In the declaratu approach, so we are going to use
EML as our language to create the
(inaudible) manifest, and then use
QCTL to create part replicate deployment
and then service and then understand
and then master these concepts, hand to hand
using evenda live template writing using AML also.
So all in all, we are going to do this
in two ways which is, one is imperatuve
and the declaratuve.
And, over the process, everything right?
So everything is documented in it.
(inaudible) on a step by step manner.
So if you go to parts with cube CTL
every step and then every command, whatever
you are going to execute,
everything will be available for you
in a step by step manner so that we really
don't fail anywhere or stuck anywhere
when we are implementing it, okay.
So if you see services, with QCTL whatever
commands you want to use,
everything you are going to use.
And if you see services with iyamel,
so you are going to have a cube manifest
with all the, manifest whatever you are going to
right them directly, which means like,
you are going to create all these things
by live template writing and then,
implement them.
So, that's about that.
Introductory section of what we are going to do
as part of this course,
so I'll see you in the next lecture
and then start with that parts with QCTL
so until then, bye bye.
Thank you.